[Feat] add I2VGenXL for image-to-video generation (#6665)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/i2vgenxl.md

</Tip>

Sample output with I2VGenXL:

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><center>
        masterpiece, bestquality, sunset.
        <br>
        <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/diffusers/i2vgen-xl-example.gif"
            alt="library"
            style="width: 300px;" />
        </center></td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Notes

* I2VGenXL always uses a `clip_skip` value of 1. This means it leverages the penultimate layer representations from the text encoder of CLIP.
* It can generate videos of quality that is often on par with [Stable Video Diffusion](../../using-diffusers/svd) (SVD). 
* Unlike SVD, it additionally accepts text prompts as inputs. 
* It can generate higher resolution videos. 

> * When using the [`DDIMScheduler`] (which is default for this pipeline), less than 50 steps for inference lead to weird results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using the [`DDIMScheduler`] (which is default for this pipeline), less than 50 steps for inference leads to bad results.
```
